Welcome in this lesson we're gonna be setting up our reaction games first thing that we need is a mean
container.
So setting up a class and this is where all of the gameplay will take place.
Also within here adding in an element that we can contain the score with him.
So setting up another div giving it a class of score so we can access it using our javascript.
And then one last element that we're going to need and giving it a class of button so we can style it
as button start game here.
Also adding in some styling to make this look a little bit better.
So making it look more like a button do a center text align for that as well.
Just trying to make it look more like a button.
So setting up a border radius.
And then lastly let's center it.
So do a margin auto.
Also do some styling for the container Scooby the full size of available space that we have for us and
margin Auto.
So it can center that element as well.
So also add some styling for score.
You can add in a default value for score of 0.
So you've got a default value there for score.
And let's center this one as well.
So doing a margin auto will center that element.
It's now that we've got our court C assess and each table setup let's use JavaScript in order to select
our elements.
So setting up some objects in order to contain that element content can use document query selector
to select the element selecting the element what the class of container.
And when you refresh just to make sure that we did select the right element you see we do have our container.
Now as a javascript we've got a start game option.
We only have one element.
So again we can use query selector and selecting that element with score.
So this should be start game and then we'll do one more first.
So with the class of start gate.
And then lastly let's do one more for the score area call it score area so that we can have another
variable for score.
And Leslie let's set up an object for a player.
We'll have a score and we can utilize this as we build out our application.
So this is a global object that we can make use of.
So once you've set that up we're ready to add some functionality into the button as well as begin the
gameplay.
So let's all still coming up the next lessons.
So go ahead and open up your editor create some elements on the page.
Apply some styling you can customize the styling and then select those elements using JavaScript and
make sure that they are selected properly by adding in and referencing it into the console so that you
make sure that you do have those correct elements and you're ready to move on to the next part of the
project.